Picking the right project to work
on is one of the most rare and
valuable schools in Ai today.
In the next few videos, I'd like to share
with you some best practices for scoping,
picking what project to work on and also
planning out the scope of the project.
I remember when I was younger, I tended
to just jump into the first project
that I got excited about and sometimes
I was lucky and it worked out okay.
Now that I've had a little
bit more experience,
I find that if you buy yourself or
your team is going to spend a lot of time,
weeks or months or even longer work on
the project is well worth your while to
think through a few options and try to
select the most promising project to
work on before putting so
much effort into it.
So that let's dive into scoping.
Let's use the example of an e commerce
retailer looking to increase sales.
If you were to sit down and brainstorm
what and Nikon company could do,
you might come up with many ideas, such
as maybe a better product recommendation
system or better search so
people can find what they're looking for
or you may find that the catalog
data is missing fields or
is incomplete and this affects
search your recommendations results.
So you might see the project to improve
the quality of the catalog data.
Or you may help them with inventory
management, such as deciding how many
shirts to buy, where to ship the shirts or
what price optimization.
With a quick brainstorming session,
you may be able to come up with dozens of
ideas for
how to help this e commerce retailer.
The questions that we like to answer,
the scoping process are what project or
projects should we work on.
Whether the metrics for success and
whether the resources such as data time,
people needed to execute this project.
What I've seen in a lot of businesses is
that of all the ideas you can work on.
Some are going to be much
more valuable than others.
Maybe two times or five times or 10 times
more valuable than a different idea.
And being able to pick the most valuable
project will significantly increase
the impact of your work.
Machine learning is a general purpose to
there are a lot of things we could do with
machine learning.
How do we take valuable
projects to work on?
Let's dive more deeply into
the scoping process in the next video.